---
layout: post
title: Snapchat
cover: cover.jpg
date:   2015-09-22 12:00:00
categories: posts
---

## --

I've been having a lot of fun with Snapchat, lately. It is actually a very clever medium that allows for much creativity. Because it is ephemeral in nature, it sidesteps many of the pitfalls that plague other mediums. With sites like Facebook and Twitter (albeit, less so), there is a lot of effort placed into presentation. Your Facebook posts are permanent. They will represent you for the foreseeable future. The natural behavioral response to this is to stage one's profile in one's favor. Of course, there is nothing wrong with this. Only it creates a falseness reminiscent of the feeling one gets when she has attended too many dinner parties with so called important people.

Snapchat has its own set of pros and cons. For one, speaking from personal experience, it seems to be the bane of any faithful relationship. More interestingly, its ephemeral nature leads to hypnotic glances into people's lives. There is no need to stage because your allowed to just take snaps of mildly amusing things in your life. I do notice, however, that when people travel the number of snaps posted spikes. So there is still a incessant want to show how cool my life is, but it also creates a haven for life's little pleasure (or annoyances). 

I have currently been using Snapchat pretty frequently. I am experimenting with different expressions of art. There is a difficulty in keeping things fresh when only has a few filters and a clunky drawing tool. Some of my most memorable snaps have been in the last year. They include a dark forest scene with bright red eyes littered between the trees. A picture of two black girls running with 'dreams' drawn in a manner that a child would. a picture of the spiky dog ball with spiky cursive written around it. That was taken during my brief obsession with drawing cursive. A picture of me with a shovel full of dirt and a drawn caption of, 'eat dirt, fucker'. A picture of a book on Oedipus and the caption 'Go fuck your mother'.

I have recently began to play with the clipart that Snapchat now provides. I created one recently where a man tells a group of people that he will return for them. This is said as footsteps lead into the abyss. There is another where there are a plethora of clocks with various times and various sizes and distances behind a backdrop of black and white glitchy pixels. The caption read, 'youre running out of time arent you?'. A picture of the glaring bus lights heavily drowned in various shades of blue with the cool filter on. The caption reads, 'blue is the warmest'. 

Some are less glittery and carry an expose of my life. There are moments I'll capture in crowded buses with people doing random things like reading comic books and talking on the phone. There was the picture of the tattered newspaper on the subway stairsteps with headline, 'Cyberthieves now targeting real estate transactions'; my caption read, 'A whole new world'. 

More currently, I have a few ideas in my mind on things to try with my snapchat followers. The first has a kind of hypnotic domination vibe to it. It will be to ask the viewer to explore their own psyche. For example, today they were invited to remember moments from sixth grade. Another one that requires a bit more work is to develop characters that are used again and again to convey interesting messages. 
