---
layout: post
title: Singing
cover: cover.jpg
date:   2021-01-24 12:00:00
categories: posts
---

——

I had never been struck by someone's singing before. When Jared and I were sitting next to the window smoking out the window she was up on the bed, chopping lines with hers legs dangling. Because of her, singing had been woven into the entire trip. She was insistent every time we were in the car that you could only put a song on if you were going to sing along. So we played old songs from our high school years, and sang together as we drove around the little town.

And here again, a song came on and she sang for us. As we sat in this master bedroom in a farm we had rented in the dead of night we listened to her voice. As I recall this now, the song itself has faded from my memory. What I do remember is how she made me feel with her voice. It was a softly seductive voice. A song being sung for her own pleasure but with an awareness of how pretty she sounded to us. As she sung she twirled her foot slowly to the rhythm of the song. In my stoned state, i felt nothing but a glowing prettiness.

She seemed to sing everywhere. Not in an obnoxious sense that betrayed a need for attention. It was a self assured singing. Sometimes she would even sing as she sucked my cock. This was not a one off event but seemed to be something she enjoyed doing, a habit even. With her microphone in hand, she would put on a show for me. There was this a particlar song that I could never forget, "Miraculous Weekend" by Pete Ivers. When she sang to me there was a sort of paralysis that would take me over. A beautiful song sung in  private intimacy forces one to forgot anything that is not in the present. Before her, I had never felt something like that.

Prior to her, I had only read of such moments. It was a type of singing that made you dive into her soul. There was a very interesting girl in Tolstoy's "War & Peace" named Natalia that captivated me. Throughout the book, she would sing on various occasions. Sometimes it was simply to her family. On other occasions she was goaded to sing at a party. Each time, however, Tolstoy would devote pages to her voice and its effects on those listening. I appreciated those moments he painted into my mind but I had nothing in my own life to relate it to. No one in my family sang. Outside of the television, I had never seen it done. My only understanding of it was a some award show performance. Amongst thousand of shreiking fans, a gaudy woman would use all her lungs to belch some popular piece that made no impression on me. 

But in those paragraphs, Tolstoy let me imagine a different scene. One where singing was a celebration of something divine, shared only with a handful at a particular moment. And by reading his words, when I experienced it for myself the moment amplified my experience bringing me back to my imaginations I had as a boy with a big book in his hands dreaming up a beautiful young girl from 18th Century Russia. I was simultaneously there and here in this pretty Brooklyn apartment with soft lights and a pretty girl with sharp eyes. It brought to life a scene from one of my favorite books, one that I had tucked into the folds of my mind and forgotten, and injected it with fresh new colors. 

Can that experience produce anything but love? 
